Add scheduler name support - [Update #990] (#1226)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/reference/cluster_manifest.md

  custom Docker image that overrides the **docker_image** operator parameter.
  It should be a [Spilo](https://github.com/zalando/spilo) image. Optional.

* **schedulerName**

>   specifies the scheduling profile for pods. If no value is provided

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  specifies the scheduling profile for database pods. If no value is provided
```

>   allows choice of scheduling profile for pods. If no value is provided
>   assumed is K8s default - `default-scheduler`. Optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  specifies the scheduling profile for pods. If no value is provided
  K8s' `default-scheduler` will be used. Optional.
```
